well howdy there no people it's Bo again
so today we're going to talk about
rights and responsibilities again we're
gonna do that because now this took the
original video they edited it they
condensed it and added some flare to it
and I know you don't have to say
anything I know some of you had issues
with the way they did it when it first
when it first surfaced I got that's
actually how I found out it existed I
don't I don't have a problem with what
they did I think they did a really good
job of keeping the overall intent the
overall message of that video intact yes
it lacks some context that happens when
you just use quotes it does it really
does that that occurs pretty often but I
believe that individuals or individual
entities acting in their own interests
but keeping society in mind I think that
promotes everybody's welfare I think
that makes everybody better in getting
an idea out there like that so I don't
have a problem with it I fully support
it but it does lack context and that
context isn't really provided even in
that video unedited in some cases this
channel is an ongoing thing it's an
ongoing discussion so I don't even know
that they could do it easily without
pulling stuff from other videos so I
don't have a problem with it but it led
to some questions and some comments
normally it comes in the form of a quote
from a founder you know and then saying
you know they never talked about our
responsibilities rights don't have
inherent responsibilities they only
talked about our individual liberties
look at this this is what they said yeah
I mean that's true kinda they yeah they
said that they talked about individual
liberty and they talked about inherent
rights and stuff like that all the time
in their letters and their speeches
constantly if it was a very overriding
theme for them
but it lacks context it lacks context
because there's another quote that
anybody who is quoting the founders
should be familiar with in fact some of
the people who sent these messages have
it as their profile picture we the
people of the United States in order to
form a more perfect union establish
justice ensure domestic tranquility
provide for the common defense promote
the general welfare and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posterity do ordain and establish
this constitution of the United States
when all of those guys got together they
put their name on that and that was the
intent behind the Constitution that's
the lens it's supposed to be viewed
through so let's take it apart for a
second in order to form a more perfect
union in order to build the society we
establish this constitution right and in
the list of reasons and the list of
things they're setting out to do provide
for the common defense promote the
general welfare they believed that if
individuals or individual entities were
acting in their own interests but
keeping society in mind it would promote
the general welfare we the people of the
United States collective a society every
right has an inherent responsibility on
it now my question here
is without the context without viewing
it through that lens what's happening
the same thing that was happening back
then the pebble in your shoe that's what
most people are concerned about right
what affects you directly speeches and
letters when they were trying to
motivate people that's when they talked
about that that's when they talked about
your individual rights because they were
trying to lead people they're trying to
motivate them even though they may not
have the full picture they may not have
the context they may not be educated
enough to understand the larger view if
today you are motivated by the little
quotes without context and you're not
motivated by the preamble the thing
that's set out to define what they were
trying to do which are you are you one
of the Patriot leaders or are you one of
the people that they had to motivate are
you one of the people that they're like
no I just don't even have the time to
explain this to them let's just a pill
to their the pebble in their shoe
context is important if you ignore it or
remove it yeah you're going to come away
with the wrong conclusion a lot of times
it's gonna happen so maybe and the
people who are watching this who saw
this on now this you subscribe to the
channel because you want in context
right you're a curious person that's how
you got here maybe
if you're going to have an opinion about
what somebody meant 200 years ago you
need context you need to really focus on
it anyway every write has an inherent
responsibility it spelled out in the
Constitution it spelled out in the
intent it is spelled out from the very
beginning this is what we're setting out
to do and it wasn't to appeal to
everybody selfishness it was to form a
more perfect union
anyway it's just a thought y'all y'all
have a good day